•	Coding/changes for Site (Prioritized highest to lowest):

1.	Change all content (categories, text, images) (In Progress)
  a.	Categories functionality (In Progress)
    i.	Creating pages for categories (Might need to update picture and quote on some category pages)
      a.	Using categories layout
        2.	Fitness - DONE
        3.	Snow sports - DONE
        4.	IT - DONE
        5.	Climbing - DONE
        6.	Music - DONE (Removed all links to this page by Jake)
        7.	Graphic Design -DONE (Removed all links by Jake)
        8.	Photography - DONE (Removed all links by Jake)
        9.	Miscellaneous  - DONE
        10.	Travel – DONE
    ii.	Code to display posts in THIS category in the correct Category page (DONE)
  b.	Personal Author pages (DONE)
        i.	Evan update author page – (DONE)
        1.	Social media links, bio, etc…
    ii.	Update “view all posts by Author” link in authors pages
        1.	New page to display all author posts
          a.	Jake’s posts – (Jake)
          b.	Evan’s posts – (Evan)
  c.	Contact Us page/functionality (In Progress -Jake and Evan)
        i.	Being able to submit using PHP page
        ii.	Maybe use something similar to Pokstad.com (DISQUS)
  d.	Update all Images (In progress - Jake and Evan)
      i.	Don’t forget header and footers 
      ii.	Change photos for Category squares
      iii.	About page header
  e.	Add writers image with post preview on home page (DONE)
  f.	About Us page (DONE)
      i.	Update content/ summary of site
      ii.	Header image
2.	Update posts to use Post-Sidebar (In Progress)
  a.	Style format sidebar and footer for author
  b.	Update similar categories links
  c.	Update similar posts
      i.	Maybe need to make it less hardcoded in the future but we will see
  d.	Update “Share this article on social media” feature
  e.	Find a comment section for posts
3.	Add “Read More” link on the home page to display 5 more posts under the previously shown posts  - (Evan)
4.	Add pages to display posts written by guests
  a.	Each guest author gets their own? Need to do the same as Evan and Jake posts (possibly a “see more” link – Task above)
5.	Favorites page?
  a.	How would this page be used? Favorite/like button?
6.	Remove unnecessary files from Repo
7.	Update author and category redundant pages
8.	Change the “W” on the tabs for the site



Done List:
-	Purchase bootstrap template (Done)
-	Create new GitHub account and commit website files (Done)
-	Set up Jekyll (Done)
o	Allows blog posts to be statically generated into HTML pages
o	Stores posts as files on GitHub 
-	Remove unnecessary links (favorites, alternate/example html pages) (Done)
-	Check functionality on mobile devices (already responsive with bootstrap)
-	Fix sizing of by “author” in “Categories” link in preview – (Done)
-	- Change post page to dynamically display author's image at bottom of post based on who wrote it (similar to IF statements, but with .jpg files) – (Done)
o	Posts functionality markdown files (Done)
o	Posts being displayed on home page by date (Done)
-	Figure out how to display different header image on each post
o	Might not use header images on each post
-	Guest Author bio page (done)
•	Create a page for friend’s posts to be stored
-	Jake author bio page –done
•	Social media links, bio, etc…


