---
title: "Moving to Pheonix, Arizona"
post_category: "travel"
layout: post-sidebar
post_date: "Feb. 22, 2016"
comments: True
post_author: "Jake Ellis"
post_category_link: "travel_category"
---

<p>
Rachael and I will be moving from Louisville, Ky to Phoenix, AZ on March 10th, 2016.
Rachael has accepted a 3 month (minimum) travel nursing assignment at the John C. Memorial hospital and I will be working as a remote employee 
for my current employer, Humana Inc.  <!-- endpreview-->

We have always enjoyed traveling and knew that this was the best option in order travel while being financially stable. Right now we 
are in the planning process, although our timeframe is very short. Rachael was offered her position on Tuesday February 16th and 
accepted on Thursday February 18th. The hospital wanted her to begin working on March 14th which, gave us roughly a month to pack 
up everything we own, find a place to live in Phoenix, and drive out there. Needless to say it has been stressful. 

We quickly learned that finding a place to live without being able to tour the property is incredibly difficult. On top of that, we don't
know the area at all. Trusting websites such as Zillow.com or Rentals.com has been a hard thing to do. Not that the sites themselves are 
dishonest, but you never know when someone will try to take advantage of a couple of travelers. Also, finding a quiet, safe, and spacious
location that will come fully furnished and allow at 40lb dog is enough to make your head spin. 

Then we have to figure out to do with all of the thing we own but don't need. We both recently bought a cars but with Rachael working
3 nights per week and myself working full time at home, maybe we dont need both. Then what do we do with the one we aren't taking? What
about that newly purchased full bedroom set? And the motorcycle I bought two years ago?

Even through all of the planning and expenses, I believe the hardest part of it all is leaving our friends and family. Even though no one is surprised we are doing something 
adventurous like this, it is hard to leave knowing we will miss so much. We often take two-week long vacations, although we know we 
are coming back home to Kentucky. This time we will miss our youngest nephew's first steps, another nephew's first soccer game, a 
younger sister playing her sophomore year on a D1 soccer team, and all of the quality time spent with family and friends.

Our philosophy on life is that we all only have one (not to be confused with YOLO) and we being adventurous is the only way to 
appreciate that gift. Fortunately, we live in a world filled with technologies that allow us to communicate at a very personal 
level. So we can use Facetime and Snapchat to be a part of those special days while enjoying the experiences of traveling across 
the country (and, one day, maybe the world).

It is going to be a tough three months to say the least. We will learn a lot about each other and how much change we are willing to 
accept in our lives.  We will grow from the failures and experiences. At the end of it all, I think I can speak for both of us when 
I say Kentucky will always be our home.

</p>






